family I bring you a little gem today I
bring you a little gem today I'm a little bit
deep Hey if you can hear me
I'm a little bit deep
forgive me but I got up in the
morning you made me get dressed in the
morning Alexa How are you I'm sorry I'm having
trouble connecting
Alexa from the Alexa device to
restart them and wait 30 seconds
plug the router back in and when I
have an internet connection again plug in the
echo device I don't know what the [ __ ] I
have an Alexa for I have no [ __ ] idea
saying I have to show you a little
gem today I was going to comment on it a little on the
secondary channel or on the TV to the SEO And
such But when I started to watch it I
said this has to be on the
main channel because this is gold you know
this is the best as you know
María Patiño has been one of those who
has made the hardest turn not with
all this Rocio
Carrasco docudrama the big turn is that
even while
the documentary was being broadcast she was one of those who
questioned the most even to the point of
confronting Carlota  sliding when
Carlota sliding in sálva tried to
manipulate the audience with lies
María Patiño who is a journalist from
many years ago is a journalist
from the past I think that even
she has been on the street working in
the sense of microphone photos and those
things not that she has gone with paparachi on the
street I want to remind you that these
journalists who have been in
the world of the heart for a long time have highlighted
moments such as for example it was known
when she appeared in a place or when she
was scheduled to appear in a
pink place or Antonio Lavín according to The
photographer Who appeared there because of the
issue that each one had their
head photographer what I mean by this
is that María Patiño knows many
things that are not public not only
because of the relationship she has had with both
sides that with one she has been better than with
the other with the other she has even
received lawsuits but also in the
world of the heart in the world of all
this it is like on YouTube not on YouTube
we ourselves among the youtubers we
tell each other things by word of mouth we know
things about each other that are not spoken about
in public because no  It is possible because they,
the journalists, know details that have
never been made public, details that
are very private, very intimate, that are
actionable or whatever, she doesn't know more than
what is published and for a longer time,
so María Patiño has always been
one of the most outspoken, those who have been most
brazen, those who have had the most balls,
to the point that they have not
only confronted Carlota
Corredera, but also Jorge Javier. I
remember a scene in which María
Patiño was fighting with Jorge Javier,
accusing him of Rocio Carrasco having not been
silent for 25 years. We already
debunked this in the video in one of the
previous videos, in the previous video,
but not in one of the previous videos. And the thing
is, María Patiño knows this, but she
knows it for a fact, just as she knows
many things about Chipiona from here and there
because she was a journalist. So she knows
that repeating over and over again that
Rocio Carrasco has been silent for 25 years is
a lie that they want to repeat many
times so that it rattles
people's heads to make it true. They
also agreed that during the
documentary, in fact  Rocio Carrasco
mentions her on several occasions Rocio
Carrasco makes reference to Maria Patiño in
a few at the moment and in turn Maria
Patiño was denying these things on
her Twitter saying things like it
was a lie that Rocio
Carrasco was directly lying Well there
came a moment when the
docuseries ends because it was also
when the docuseries ends that Maria
Patiño suddenly swerves but
a tremendous sharp swerve okay or so
a super radical swerve suddenly one
day on sálvame de lux when they were
interviewing Carlota corredera and
Ana Bernal Treviño the false feminist
the selective feminists Ana Bernal
triviño who by the way Emiliano is the
live broadcast that I uploaded this morning with
Juanjo increasing the last article that he has
done because it is regrettable and shameful
in that interview which is a I think it is
the first sálvame de luz that happened
just when after
the entire docuseries ended
suddenly Maria Patiño apologizes in tears
no  I don't know if with the audience or with
Mediaset or with her colleagues I don't know
but she apologizes through tears saying
that she hadn't understood And that now
suddenly she has understood how oppressed she is
by the patriarchy and that
suddenly she understands vicarious violence and
suffering Rocío Carrasco and of course
at the time I told you why Also I don't
know in what video in one of the last ones
when the docuseries was airing
But I said it you can recover that
I said I understand it because in the end
everyone needs to bring home a salary to
bring food to their children no So
at the time I said Well María Patiño it
seems a little regrettable to me
not having to crawl like that not
having dignity not having to ask for forgiveness
through tears for something that you don't
feel bad about I mean it's as if I
suddenly have to ask for forgiveness here
through tears thinking that Free Genti
is not a sucker not from the
Telecinco executives Well in reality I
would be forcing myself to ask for forgiveness And
then for something that I don't think about well they have
recovered an afternoon program that well it would really
piss me off having to
be recovering programs that are
in fact they are eliminating programs from
Sálvame de luz and the
complete Sálvame daily program, they are removing them from the
Telecinco schedule, they are removing them
from my on-demand TV, they are removing them
from everywhere for some reason that
I don't know and Soon I am going to make a
video talking about This is worth it, Telecinco
is eliminating content okay I don't know if it is
because it harms them in the trials they
have pending or because they may be
susceptible to new lawsuits but they have
released some extracts that we are going to see
now from María Patiño, incredible and it is that
María Patiño although you think not
although you think that you have had many
principles and a lot of honesty and you say
here the newspaper archive is very selective for
some but not for me for you too there is a
newspaper archive María Patiño all of us who are
working in television
are prisoners of the newspaper archive and I
want to say one thing and in all
honesty if I had to deposit
80,000 euros in the next few days as a
precautionary measure I would have problems with the Treasury
and debts as a responsibility  mine I
guarantee you that my head would only be
inside the house to comply each
week and earn that money I
am probably not being honest with the public
but honest with my feelings and
more so if I have three children in my care I think
we live in a world and in a medium
where everyone makes exclusives and
sells out to anyone for money
because they have problems with the Treasury or
because they have other types of debts and we
justify them all but it turns out that
Antonio David no I every day I know that
Antonio David For me he is not the winner
let's remember in case I
miss someone What is the position that suddenly
adopted Maria Patiño no how she went from
defending Antonio David not only during
the broadcast of the documentary by Rocío
Carrasco but during all the
previous years Why Because she knows
things because she knows the truth because
she knows how the
movements of Fidel and Rosito have been but
well as I tell you let's remember
What is the current position to
silence Antonio David to ignore
Olga Moreno and to
directly accuse Antonio David of crimes
as we will see in this clip I am
another one that  it's true that on TV it seems
that there are like two sides that are not very
different but I wanted to share it
with you quickly and also
this way I can get it over with because what
has become very clear to me after
the series is that
the children in the magazine were not
used against their mother and that is
vicarious violence. Well, this thing about using
bad words and also making it very clear
that it has been made clear to him it has been made
very clear to him after watching the docuseries is
okay because they want to pretend no and
put
an idea in the heads of people who are easy to manipulate as if the
docuseries were an episode of
Sesame Street but in a big way not in a
good way as if the docuseries had been
educational, damn it actually just
came to me I'm not going to put it
because I don't know where I was but it just
came to me I don't know if it was
on Twitter or on some
television program and I don't remember who it was
someone said it would surely be
Carlota corredera one of these no that
the docuseries should be shown in
all schools I remember
someone said That nonsense no and  It's
clear that the documentary series is
irrefutable, it would even be part of
history, not like what the [ __ ] to the
point that they have to show it in
schools, not the video so that people
know what vicarious violence is, they
want to convince themselves that they have
educated. Well, more than educating, what
they want is to indoctrinate, yes, to instill in us
that they have taught these terms to
society and that we have understood it. And
that everything that has been done to Rocío
Carrasco is as Arroyo
Carrasco told us, it has been proven that
Antonio David was not being
prosecuted by Rocío Carrasco,
proven, okay, proven, precisely we just
saw a click where
María Patiño categorically states that, in
which we put it as a lapidary a few
seconds ago, that it is that before the hearing,
super overwhelmed judicially, you know. This,
well, we will talk in the next video,
not about the people who criticized Olga
when she said that Antonio came, he can make
a thousand euros, no, I think that whoever
criticizes that has never been
sued, okay. And when I say sued, I do
n't mean that you look for yourself.  a
lawsuit but rather they sue you because
they have to [ __ ] Not defending yourself against a
lawsuit you hire a good lawyer and I
tell you from experience it can
cost you like 10,000 euros worth between
lawyer solicitor provision of funds I
think it's that you don't know given the
situation Okay then imagine if
year after year after year after year after year after
year they are suing you I don't know how many
lawsuits Rocío Carrasco
Antonio David has filed but I think that by
law there weren't 16 or 17 the lawsuit
is big not the one for gender violence
everything that has come out that they have had of
the annulment the issue of custody of the
children you don't know up to here up to
here to maintain that but well let's
continue with the opinion that
María Patiño has now not with the opinion that she
suddenly has after seeing the
documentary but that he provoked lawsuits
to have had television he provoked
lawsuits because he loves being
sued you know risking losing
some of course
he met Carrasco and I love to tell him that
it has become clear to him when at
what point it has become clear that I mean if
all the girls  facts that have come
out saying that they have
asked her they have denied it or rather the
Sonsoles this one of Argentonas the girl
said Well look if it was true she would say it on
TV now she was selling exclusive but it is
not true that sincerely I
was with her friend so that it gives you
paranoia that the other one had I have given
evidence that Antonio David was the
first one who wanted to sell the conflict of
his daughter with her mother Calling a
photographer to take a picture of
Rocío Carrasco handcuffed that is the
essence to
find out there is no press in the courts
but when it has to go by chance the
press appears there you know that there are
many journalists who have come out
afterwards to tell how Fidel according to
these journalists seemed to be
obsessed with Antonio David with putting out
his garbage in the press
as a result of that call the language We had
information, a relationship Sorry, a
relationship let's say it was good and he made me
his confidant, I mean he told me
things because his obsession was to
investigate and follow Antonio David everything he
did everything he moved the
girls he was with etcetera and
well Well he had to hire  detectives
because if not I don't understand the amount of
photos that I had For example I
had the first photos that I hadn't
seen before of Antonio David with the woman who
is now his wife and who are
survivors called Olga
we hope Likewise what I'm
telling you is one thing whether Antonio David
called or not called the press
so they could see how Rocío Carrasco had to
go and testify with the Civil Guard and another
thing is selling the conflict with his daughter
as María Patiño said there in the
video that we saw no that Antonio
David was the first to sell the
conflict with his daughter one thing would be that
of the Civil Guard if you arrive posada
If you don't arrive posadas and record Rosadito
arriving at the Civil Guard no and another
thing would be the sentence and conviction of a
minor because Antonio David In the case
that we don't know in the case that
Antonio David was the one who notified the
press to see Rocío Carrasco
there at the barracks Antonio David
would not be selling the conviction of the daughter
being a minor because because that was long
before she was convicted more because
there they hadn't convicted her the convicted
the following year or so when
the trial was held How curious that María Patiño
in that video says that she knows and that it has
remained clear to her that Antonio David was the
first to sell the conflict as if he were
taking everything off the other
side, not the daughter, who I already told you
with what he is trying to do is wash
the other side's hands of how
the sentence and the
conviction of a girl being a minor have reached the press
when in this save me from light he emphasizes
that you have said the opposite on several occasions
here Kiko Matamoros has just
explained how he knows that Fidel with a lot of
documentation has met with the
top brass and with the directors of the
televisions God knows to sell it
not so that they publish what to
undermine the image and the good name of
this man therefore they do not say that they do
not talk because they talk and a lot You
have two balls that big
[Applause]
Of course without taking any credit away from my
colleague Kiko I tell you that there are people
like several who have also said it
you also have ovaries that you do not see well
your ovaries depend on your
job of if  tremble or not tremble what
am I telling you that yes you are going to
stay in Mediaset but that your
dignity and your prestige as a journalist
and as an opinion maker you have lost it in these
last months you have lost it you have no
credibility your word is worthless it is worthless
very weakened but I was left with
something that I say to Rocío Carrasco if she
is happy to see this situation
tell her because this boy is
crushed let's go to sálvame that we have
recovered not that the people
on Twitter have recovered in this I have to give
you the credit it was not me as you have just
heard here in this sálvame
María Patiño the first thing she does is
throw it in Rocío Carrasco's face if she
feels proud of the damage that
this family is doing and how she is
destroying this man but
while I saw this boy crushed
only for some because he
deserves it
to the tears also of his daughter seeing
her father suffer Here María Patiño has
just emphasized how Rocío Carrasco not
only hurting the Father hurts the
father but also
doing everything to him  what he's doing to the
father all that damage is
hurting his children do you think Antonio is
exaggerating Antonio David hasn't been at all has
spent two years strangled
emotionally, economically and
socially
years not gagged the others here it is
known how destroyed
Antonio David has been while he was fighting
that lawsuit and here stay with that not
gagged the others we will see
later What does he mean by
gagged he
supported financially in the in the in
a clothing store that Olga set up and that is
also doing well Well it took us
here he starts talking about the economy
how he has been getting ahead there is a great
moment here of Kiko Hernández too that
is wonderful and I'm going to show it to you
Although the video is for Maria Patiño I
say there are many people who say it's not that he
is using his children to get
ahead and I say I spoke for him if
not they will eat [ __ ]
[Applause] you have to
survive right it's like
you who one day you say one thing and the
next day say the opposite because of course you have to
survive because if not
your bosses the bar of  pear
this peritas bar no because they kick you out no if you don't
follow the script the structure and the
mentality and manipulating the audience
and implying the things that they
want to be understood or to
seem like they have been understood because they
send you to take the ass of sálvame and
telecinco and mediaset Of course You have
to eat no Kiko you have to eat
Let's get to the big stuff let's get to the big stuff and
now I want you to pay close attention
to these extracts from María Patiño it was
transmitted you are that there was a crisis in
the couple but what we knew
is that they had already broken up and we lived it What
happens that you We saw that the
couple saw each other because Antonio David went
to see the children and as there was a photo
where Antonio David entered the home
which at that time was in chipiona it was
said to be a couple crisis but Antonio
David and Rocío were already living separate lives
Here she is telling how it was an open secret
between the almost although
the
breakup of Antonio David had not yet been publicly confirmed rosito okay that
for a while it was not known and there was
talk of a couple crisis  but in
truth they had already broken up What happens is that
for some reason that Antonio David is now going to explain, he
kept entering
Rocio Jurado's house. Do you remember in the docu-
drama how Rocio Carrasco calls Antonio
David a brazen man for staying
longer at his mother's house and
such? Now Maria Patin explains it. David
was very smart, don't ask me why, or
not, smart or it didn't come out that for a
while he didn't have relationships with women
and Rocio Carrasco went crazy that summer. Oh
my God, let's see, this is very intimate. I'll
tell you one thing. They can't say this.
I don't know if there would be a lawsuit
or not, but the fact that you are
a super-media personality, the
daughter of the greatest, and that you do
exclusives in the tabloids and
all that stuff doesn't mean that you
can't hide private things about your life.
Okay, you have every right in the world
to make public the intimacies about
your life that you want to make public.
Okay, so here Maria Patinho is sneaking in a
bit. I don't know if she would be
sued or something else. The best thing would be for them to
catch Rocio Carrasco hooking up
with  someone on the street in a bar in a
public place So yes, he has to
eat it but of course Here Maria Patiño what she
is saying is that Antonio
David was not involved with more girls
or anything, not that without breaking off the relationship
he was only looking after his children,
not that he did not have the head to
get involved with anyone else, with more girls or
anything like that And she is stating that
Rocio Carrasco went crazy
literally what she said is that she
went crazy getting involved it has been
proven to me that Antonio David was unfaithful
while being married, known Carrasco
with the amadero
and that is when the famous Tómbola appears
where everyone agrees with
Antonio David because he talks about
Rocio's infidelities and I said but
if they were already separated but a
separation that they had not officially communicated
Maria Patiño is that Antonio David
had sold this on the programs in
tombola and as if they had been
horns but in reality she
realized that horns horns were not okay
because they were no longer together okay
Antonio David sold it in the press
as infidelities but in reality they
were not infidelities because they no longer
did  couple's life
and end where the mistake of Rocio
Carrasco comes to summarize that although I
am on Rocio's side in terms of the
relationship of couple Rocio Carrasco
as for the children I am on the side of
Antonio David Why Rocio to do
harm Antonio David began the fight with
the children
According to Maria Patiño she would
understand in the couple's relationship more
to Rocio Carrasco to the way of
behaving of Rocio Carrasco than to the
way of Antonio David but that what
is the subject referring to children she
is on the side of Antonio David because she
knows that Rocio Carrasco used the
children to hurt her Antonio David
not only sold the children in the magazine
but used them against their mother
and that is vicarious violence and from there
comes that he locks himself in the house of the
Jury because he is afraid that they
denounce him for abandoning the home without
wanting it Here Maria Patiño gives an
argument and an explanation to what
Rocio Carrasco said in the documentary
not that Antonio David did not want to leave
the house of the jurors that he was
living there  neck that had a lot of nerve
and it was out of fear of being reported for
family abandonment you have to
always listen to everything from that moment on
she begins to have resentment
because her life project
and she was a very capricious girl who did not
know what life is a blow as
can happen to any of us when we
fall in love with someone And that love falls due to
circumstances and begins to use
and I say it has been Carrasco Because in addition
to the fact that Rocío Flores is seeing me and I
want to tell you something Rocío Flores I have
told what I think I had to
tell because the documentation
supports it let's see here what I
interpret is that María Patiño already knows here
everything about Rocío
Flores' sentence and so on because you already know that those
papers no and the whole subject has been
circulating through various corridors until there was
a useful idiot who published it but
basically I believe that María Patiño not
only knows the
court sentence but I also believe that
María Patiño knows Rocío
Flores' version okay, Rocío Flores' version
that everyone is eager to
hear and So up to there She supports
Rocío Flores' version Knowing  the
judicial and knowing the version of Rocío
Flores that I believe that something like
self-defense or who knows, she
trusts Rocío Flores, she
is taking notes at the moment
and I know Fidel albia the person who
advises Rocío Carrasco since she is
with her that everything that the
courts brought and today and today
Fidel has not had respect from the press
You have simply gagged us which is
different Well, nothing It turns out that Fidel
apparently had them all with the
lawsuits in their asses all day not that he
wanted to gag the press so that they would not have an
opinion or so that they would not expose
Rocío Carrasco mother so that Carrasco would
not be left in a bad place when the
press told things It has been
proven to me that Antonio David was not
judicially persecuted by Rocío
Carrasco but that he provoked trials
to have television content and nothing
family up to here today's video there
is surely a lot, a lot more
newspaper archives of María Patiño, there will surely
be things that And what things that she is
criticizing and that she herself has done
in the past, nonsense that there has  said on
television there are surely many more
things but this video that
Mary Mar discovered on Twitter was worth
having a video on the main channel
because the truth is that these clicks we
just saw are a pure gem I
will be reading the comments box I
send you a big hug reminding you to
like the video
subscribe to the Channel and
also to be aware of my channel telesalseo
okay I am super active there
giving news all day see you
[Music]